Okay I rolled you onto your back. The difference
between being on your back and being on your
side is now I can massage your abdomen. and
some people prefer this position and some
people prefer their side. I actually prefer
being on my back. So will you let me know
how you are feeling. Good. You are doing great.
You have a few good releases and we'll see
what else we can get out on your back and
with a massage. Now if I massage you too firmly,
just let me know. Okay? You can feel some
nausea during a session. that is normal as
well. When toxins are released like I said
before you can feel some goosebumps, some
chills and nausea. That's normal and it won't
last after the session is over. Are you ready
to try another fill. Yes. You are doing great.
You are a trooper. Now when you do a colonic,
it is actually the fastest and most natural
way to cleanse your colon. You can take colon
cleansed products. It will take a lot longer
and your whole body has to filter the product.
So even though there are herbal cleansers,
there are still some herbals that are harsh
on the colon so I would be careful of herbs
like ____, rhubarb and sena and sena is actually
habit forming. Those are herbs that I do not
recommend. Now if you are doing a specific
colon cleanse for a short period of time,
you can take those herbs. It is just if you
are dealing with chronic constipation I wouldn't
recommend taking products with those herbs
in them. Now when you do a colon cleanse,
it usually takes 3 months or so for you to
actually cleanse your colon well and your
whole body has to filter it and with those
herbals in the product, the ones that I discussed,
you can get urgency and sudden cramping. So
colonic is really pure water cleaning the
affected part which you wish to clean and
you are out in an hour so I really do believe
it is the superior way to clean your colon.